Proj0038: Specify NoWarn rule IDs fully (#108)
dotnet-project-file-analyzers/dotnet-project-file-analyzers.github.io: rules/Proj0038.md

---
parent: General
ancestor: MSBuild
---

> # Proj0038: Specify NoWarn rule IDs fully

Author: ```suggestion
# Proj0038: Fully specify NoWarn rule IDs
```

> MS Build allows to disable a static code analysis rule by adding it to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSBuild allows disabling a static code analysis rule by adding it to the
```

> `<NoWarn>` property. It excepts rule IDs that are only specified by their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<NoWarn>` property. It allows rule IDs that are only specified by their
```

> numeric part. The latter is considered a bad practice: it can lead to excluding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
numeric part. This is considered a bad practice: it can lead to excluding
```

> multiple rules at once that have the same integer part, and make it less

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multiple rules at once that have the same integer part, and makes it less
```
